help
help-private
public total-games
upload RPS player1 100 Rock
upload RPS player2 -100 Scissors
private total-earnings-all
upload RPS player3 1000 Rock
upload RPS player4 -1000 Scissors
upload RPS player1 -5000 Rock
upload RPS player3 10000 Paper
upload RPS player2 -500 Scissors
upload RPS player4 2000 Rock
upload RPS player1 -50 Paper
upload RPS player3 100 Scissors
private number-of-results RPS
upload Blackjack player1 500 20
upload Blackjack player2 -500 19
upload Blackjack player3 -500 28
upload Blackjack player4 -500 11
upload Blackjack player2 667 21
upload Blackjack player1 -5123 11
upload Blackjack player4 -540 11
upload Blackjack player3 -5121 11
private most-common-play Blackjack
private most-winning-play RPS
private total-earnings-game RPS
private total-losses-player player4
exit
